---
tags:
  - armour-astir
title: No Time to Die
draft: true
---

# Mission Report

# Setup

## What's Happening?

## Locations

The city of New Volt is a large mining town built over three large mesa rocks. The area around this rock formation was once dense jungle, but has been cleared for mining operations. Now New Volt houses mine workers, and operates some large factories and foundries feeding the mine works.

The city is split into three sections on each of the mesa rocks, with bridges between them.

- Dust town:
	- Southernmost region, largest of the three
	- Housing for workers and common folk
	- Busy claustrophobic streets
	- Dirty, dusty
	- Locations:
		- Main square
		- The Bitten Hand Inn
		- The Volt Market
		- Grand Lift
- The Spike:
	- North-west region, smallest but tallest of the mesas
	- Housing for [[The Argent Court#The Grand Unified Mining Concern|Mining Concern]] officials, and official buildings and administration.
	- Grim, functional, buildings
	- Locations:
		- The Administration Fortress
- North town:
	- North-east region, smaller than Dust town
	- Housing for higher-rank families, factory owners, and the amenities they expect
	- More open streets, tent clothes and awnings cover streets. Small pools, greenery
	- Locations:
		- The Church of St. Ursula
		- The Sapphire Quilt Bathhouse
- Undertown:
	- Between the mesas the factories lurk in the shade
	- Factories, foundries, and the very worst living conditions
	- Dense, smoky, choking streets
	- Locations:
		- None to speak of?
- Bridges:
	- There are 4 bridges between the mesas
	- Iron Bridge
		- Between Dust Town and The Spike
		- Relatively narrow, fortified, well-guarded
	- Main Bridge
		- Between Dust Town and North Town
		- Wide, open, made of rock
	- New Bridge
		- Between Dust Town and North Town
		- Narrow, made of steel
	- Silver Bridge
		- Between North Town and The Spike
		- Well guarded, but not as militarily inclined as the Iron Bridge

## Resistance Assets
- [[The Resistance#Quake|Quake]] cell, slated for execution
	- Nord
- [[The Resistance#Quake|Quake]] operator Jilmil, 
	- [[Karral#Golgolgol|Golgolgol]] with a heavy countenance and deep mottled green scales
	- She/her
	- Guarded / uncompromising / jaded
	- Traditional golgolgol daggers 1 (melee / defensive)
	- Charged elixir of greater incandescence 1 (melee / bane, area, setup)
- [[The Resistance#Fallen Dragons|Fallen Dragons]] member Lavinia
	- A human with long mousy hair and thin glasses, tall and willowy
	- She/her
	- Hopeful / trusting / idealistic

## Argent Court Actors


